Indonesia has a population of 120
million
and animals of
Giles wants to share the family some of
the rescue centers that are working
tirelessly to help many endangered
species
they've come to visit one while my
sensor that is doing Justin and medics
imagine they've had a couple of new baby
elephants form very recently and so
we're going to go and say hello and have
a look at them ridiculously tiny look at
its little trunk this is our brand-new
for March an elephant
I'm giving that number for Kerry to let
girl like they're begging unlike
somebody yeah thank you
I just have it on it yeah but it has
honey a little chunky you know what you
know what I finally Sookie is that
elephants have to learn how to use their
tongue I don't know how to use them when
they're born I sort of wave them around
but you flash them around and they try
and get Easter this was like shows that
the rainforest connects all these
species these are the Martian
arrangement means that they come from
exactly the same place that we can find
some ocean Tigers still in the wild at
the moment so they say all depends on
that forest and what we don't know is at
what point do we interfere or eliminate
one of those species there's going to
have a knock-on effect for the rest of
the ecosystem it's hard to take
seriously when he keeps blowing
raspberries in our direction
we're trying to have a serious
conversation here child is going to meet
a seven-year-old the right census
screening program who is used to
interacting with members of staff I hear
a report yes look at you now not only is
their home business true it sounds like
chic but orangutan are very much in
demand especially babies and so what
often happens is a mother orangutan will
be killed for her baby can be taken off
of her which then enters the illegal pet
trade they grow up very quickly and as
you can see already just how much of a
handful she would be even for Giants who
had years of experience
she's a challenge and she give a few
years he's like fine an octopus anything
I've only got two hands and she's got
full you can just imagine by the time
she's fully grown what you would have to
you know we grinning